UpdateCSPMglossary _index.md (#11072)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/cspm/_index.md

Assess the configuration of your cloud resources, such as security groups, storage buckets, load balancers, and databases against [configuration rules][1]. Use the Datadog Agent to review local configuration information from servers, containers, and Kubernetes clusters against [Datadog's OOTB security posture rules][2].

View your cloud security posture at a high level with the [Posture Management][1] page, and drill into the details of findings and analyze historical configurations with [Findings][2].

## Glossary

> - **Security posture score**: Percentage of your environment that satisfies all of your active [Datadog’s OOTB rules][3]. Formula: `(# of evaluation:pass findings) / (total # of findings)`. Datadog then weighs this formula by severity: low severity rules have a weighting of "1" and critical severity rules have a weighting of "5". Ths means critical severity rules impact scores 5 times more than low severity rules to put greater emphasis on the rules that pose greater security risk. The score is also normalized to treat all all resource types and resource volumes the same (i.e. 500 failing containers are weighted the same as 3 failing S3 buckets in the computed score). This normalization factor allows scores to be comparable across your cloud accounts, without the risk they are heavily skewed if one account has more containers, or another has less storage buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security posture score**: Percentage of your environment that satisfies all of your active [Datadog’s OOTB rules][3]. Formula: `(# of evaluation:pass findings) / (total # of findings)`. Datadog then weighs this formula by severity: low severity rules have a weighting of "1" and critical severity rules have a weighting of "5". This means critical severity rules impact scores five times more than low severity rules to put greater emphasis on the rules that pose greater security risk. The score is also normalized to treat all all resource types and resource volumes the same (for example, 500 failing containers are weighted the same as three failing S3 buckets in the computed score). This normalization factor allows scores to be comparable across your cloud accounts, without the risk they are heavily skewed if one account has more containers, or another has fewer storage buckets.
```
